I just got it for sure Back in the studio I don't wanna go
Don't like this feeling like fuck being alone These demons weighing on me soon as I step out of these doors but the show must go
What is life it don't matter no My life flashing by and time is moving too slow These worries keep me from the truth that I know
Now I'm dying and dead inside And I can't die alone And I've been blinded for way too long
All the shows gone On and on and on I'm holding on and on
Time waits for no one Got money on the go and I'm selling out the shows and I'm putting off a bro Still I'm feeling all alone
Cause I be at the parties Turning myself in by Cardi All these girls be acting muddy But I'm on my way back home
You see my life ain't beautiful if you're to look inside it I got problems that need fixing but it's easier just to hide it
Yes we're all trying to stay alive Running out the clock till it's our time
Yeah the show must go on Cause the sun gon' come up and tomorrow's for no one
If you don't get up and grab it Never take it for granted Nothing's ever gonna happen Fear is self fabricated
I won't be a victim of my past Imperfections of my dies Yeah mama cry again Sister hating on my fam I've been through a lot but I'm good now
Singing on the stage with a bitch My show must go on On and on and on I'm holding on and on Time waits for no one
The show must go on